one of times when you're working in stem you're giving a specific task
to do yet you might be given of subroutine of code to write and you
have to do that but the thing that is important in any kind of stem
activity you have to be alert for opportunities you have to be open
to changes in the do you see something that's abnormal if you discover
something that's not available to everybody else and one example
I know of is when I was reading high performance computing at Caltech
a bunch of guys quit the high performance computing center and started
a new company that was going to write pro code for big parallel
computers and to do that writing of the code they had to develop a
new performance tool so they developed a little piece of software that
measured the performance of high performance computers and they
sold millions of dollars worth of that little performance to and they
never did get to do any programming they want to do because they were
so busy selling all that code so they had to be alert for the fact
that they're doing programming for high performance computers wasn't
and remitted feel the writing little tool for terrific so got to
keep your mind open